README.md, before:

k8s-hardway-cilium

This branch aims at configuring k8s, the hardway. A VM is created in GCP and the lone VM serves as control plane node & worker node. Detailed information of each of the configuration files below

1. runc & containerd.txt -- Installs runc & containerd. Also creates containerd unit service file along with configuration
2. kubelet & certs.txt
    /etc/hosts entry to be modified to have kubernetes.svc.cluster.local
    config & kubeconfig file of kubelet
    Generate CA certs & kubelet certs
3. kubectl.txt -- Install kubectl and kubeconfig for kubectl to refer to and the certs to present to API for the admin role
4. crictl.txt -- Install crictl and set env variable, CONTAINER_RUNTIME_ENDPOINT, on the server
5. etcd.txt -- Install etcdctl and etcd manifest file to run etcd as a static pod
6. apiserver & certs.txt -- manifest file of apiserver. runs apiserver as static pod, generates certs for the apiserver and service accounts
7. controller manager & certs.txt -- manifest file of controller manager. runs controller manager as static pod, generates certs, and kubeconfig
8. scheduler & certs.txt -- manifest file of scheduler. runs scheduler as static pod, generates certs, and kubeconfig
9. kube-api-server-to-kubelet-rbac.txt -- kube-apiserver has the necessary permissions to communicate with the kubelets on the cluster nodes
10. Cilium.txt -- Installs cilium using helm.

Commit message:

Multi node cluster - 1 Master, 1 etcd & 1 Minion

README.md, after:

k8s-hardway-cilium
==================

This branch aims to configure k8s the hardway. Three VMs are created in GCP, each serving as master, etcd and worker respectively. Detailed information of each of the configuration files below

1. runc & containerd.txt -- Installs runc & containerd. Also creates containerd unit service file along with configuration
2. kubelet & certs.txt
    /etc/hosts entry to be modified to have all the nodes' entries
    config & kubeconfig file of each kubelet
    Generate CA certs & kubelet certs
3. kubectl.txt -- Install kubectl and kubeconfig for kubectl to refer to and the certs to present to API for the admin role
4. crictl.txt -- Install crictl and set env variable, CONTAINER_RUNTIME_ENDPOINT, on all the 3 servers
5. etcd.txt -- Install etcdctl and etcd manifest file to run etcd as a static pod
6. apiserver & certs.txt -- manifest file of apiserver. runs apiserver as static pod, generates certs for the apiserver and service accounts
7. controller manager & certs.txt -- manifest file of controller manager. runs controller manager as static pod, generates certs, and kubeconfig
8. scheduler & certs.txt -- manifest file of scheduler. runs scheduler as static pod, generates certs, and kubeconfig
9. kube-api-server-to-kubelet-rbac.txt -- kube-apiserver has the necessary permissions to communicate with the kubelets on the cluster nodes
10. Cilium.txt -- Installs cilium using helm.
